docs(configuration): Describe scheduledRefreshTimeZones, scheduledRef… (#1920)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Configuration/Config.md

### scheduledRefreshTimer

Cube.js enables background refresh by default, you can specify an interval as number in seconds or string format, e.g.: `30s`, `1m`. 
Can be also set using `CUBEJS_SCHEDULED_REFRESH_TIMER` env variable.

```javascript
module.exports = {
  scheduledRefreshTimer: 60,
};
```

### scheduledRefreshTimeZones

All time based calculations performed within Cube.js are timezone-aware. Using this property you can specify timezones in 
[TZ Database Name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database) format, e.g.: `America/Los_Angeles`. The default value is `UTC`.

Can be also set using `CUBEJS_SCHEDULED_REFRESH_TIMEZONES` env variable.

```javascript
module.exports = {
  // You can define one or multiple timezones based on your requirements
  scheduledRefreshTimer: [
    'America/Vancouver',
    'America/Toronto'
  ],
};
```

### scheduledRefreshContexts

> If you are using `authInfo` inside `contextToAppId` or `contextToOrchestratorId` without `scheduledRefreshContexts`, 
> you will get `undefined`, because it's impossible to automatically generate context for it.
> 
> To help Cube.js know about contexts, you should declare `scheduledRefreshContexts` to explain, what contexts
> are needed to be executed.
> 
> You can declare contexts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `securityContext` inside `contextToAppId` or
`contextToOrchestratorId`, you must also set up  `scheduledRefreshContexts`.
This allows Cube.js to generate the necessary security contexts prior to
running the scheduled refreshes.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[[warning |]]
| Leaving `scheduledRefreshContexts` unconfigured will lead to issues where the
| security context will be `undefined`. This is because there is no way for
| Cube.js to know how to generate a context without the required input.
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
```

An example of a configured `scheduledRefreshContexts` is below:
